[IMP] accounting: add rewritten doc about Fiscal Positions (#680)
odoo/documentation-user: accounting/fiscality/taxes/fiscal_positions.rst

==========================================
Fiscal Positions (tax and account mapping)
==========================================

Default taxes and accounts are set on products and customers to create new transactions on the fly.
However, you might have to use different taxes and record the transactions on different accounts,

> according to your customers' and providers' localizations and business types.

Author: Well spotted, but actually, as they don't share the possession, they both have their own "possessive s". Your suggestion would have been the correct one if the customers and the providers shared what's following.

I had to double-check :D (and I stupidly enjoy reading more about that kind of things, so thanks ^^)
https://grammar.yourdictionary.com/parts-of-speech/nouns/possessive-nouns.html

> according to your customers' and providers' localizations and business types.

Reviewer: But, don't they share what is following?
oh ok, I got it: customer's localization / provider's business types then.

Ok!

> according to your customers' and providers' localizations and business types.

Author: No actually, they each have their own type and localization.
But it's not like all customers and all providers share the same localization and type.

It could have been something like this, with your suggestion.
My French customers and providers' main language is French.
They all share that same thing.

**Fiscal Positions** allow you to create *sets of rules* to automatically adapt the taxes and the
accounts used for a transaction.

> .. image:: media/fiscal-positions-intra-community.png

Reviewer: suggestion: take 'broader' screenshots, given more context to the reader/user.
Example: 
![screenshot-test-database2 odoo com-2020 05 26-14_08_14](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57449423/82899077-a73eb880-9f5a-11ea-9a67-5087f6bddbd9.png)

:)

Author: agreed.

   :align: center
   :alt: Example: Belgian to Intra-Community tax mapping with Fiscal Positions in Odoo Accounting

They can be applied in various ways:

- :ref:`automatically applied, based on some rules <fiscal_positions/automatic>`
- :ref:`manually applied on a transaction <fiscal_positions/partner>`
- :ref:`assigned to a partner, on its contact form <fiscal_positions/transaction>`

.. note::
   A few Fiscal Positions are already preconfigured on your database, as part of your :doc:`Fiscal
   Localization Package <../../fiscal_localizations/overview/fiscal_localization_packages>`.

Configuration
=============

Tax and Account Mapping
-----------------------

To edit or create a Fiscal Position, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Fiscal
Positions`, and open the entry you want to modify or click on *Create*.

The mapping of taxes and accounts is based on the default taxes and accounts defined in the
products' forms.

> - To map to another tax or account, fill out the right column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To map to another tax or account, fill out *Tax to Apply* (?).
```

- To remove a tax, rather than replacing it with another, leave the field **Tax to Apply** empty.
- To replace a tax with multiple other taxes, add multiple lines with the same **Tax on Product**.

.. note::

>    The mapping only works with *active* taxes. Make sure that all the taxes you need are active by
>    checking them in :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Taxes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The mapping only works with *active* taxes. Therefore, make sure they are active by going to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Taxes`.
```

Author: much better indeed

.. _fiscal_positions/automatic:

Automatic application
---------------------

You can configure your Fiscal Positions to be applied automatically, following a set of conditions.

> To do so, open the Fiscal Position you want to modify and click on **Detect Automatically**. A set
> of conditions can be configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, open the Fiscal Position you want to modify and enable **Detect Automatically**. Now, set:
```

- **VAT Required**: The VAT number *must* be indicated in the customer's contact form.
- **Country Group** / **Country**: The Fiscal Position is applied to these countries.

.. image:: media/fiscal-positions-automatic.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of settings to apply a Fiscal Position automatically

.. note::

>    Taxes on **eCommerce orders** are automatically updated once the visitor has logged in or filled
>    out their billing details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Taxes on **eCommerce orders** are automatically updated once the visitor has logged in or filled
   out his billing details.
```

Author: I use "their" in a gender-neutral way. The customer here is gender-neutral, and not a man.
Used this way, "their" is singular and not plural. 👍

.. important::

>    The Fiscal Positions' **sequence** - the order in which they are arranged - defines which
>    Fiscal Position to apply if the conditions are met in multiple Fiscal Positions.
> 
>    For example, if the first Fiscal Position targets *country A*, and the second Fiscal Position
>    targets a *Country Group* that also comprises *country A*, only the first Fiscal Position will be
>    applied to customers from *country A*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The Fiscal Positions' **sequence** defines which Fiscal Position is applied based on the order they are arranged, if 
  multiple are applicable.
| For example, if the first Fiscal Position targets *country A*, and the second Fiscal Position
  targets a *Country Group* that also comprises *country A*, only the first Fiscal Position is applied to customers from *country A*.
```

.. _fiscal_positions/application:

Application
===========

.. _fiscal_positions/partner:

Assign a Fiscal Position to a partner
--------------------------------------

You can manually define which Fiscal Position must be used by default for a specific partner.

> To do so, open the partner's contact form, then go to the **Sales & Purchase** tab, edit the
> **Fiscal Position** field, and click on *Save*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, open the partner's contact form, go to the **Sales & Purchase** tab, edit the
**Fiscal Position** field, and click on *Save*.
```

.. image:: media/fiscal-positions-partner.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Selection of a Fiscal Position on a Sales Order / Invoice / Bill in Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Selection of a Fiscal Position on a Sales Order / Invoice / Bill in Odoo
```

.. _fiscal_positions/transaction:

Choose Fiscal Positions manually on Sales Orders, Invoices, and Bills
---------------------------------------------------------------------

> To manually select which Fiscal Position to use for a new Sales Order, Invoice, or Bill go to the
> **Other Info** tab and select the right **Fiscal Position** *before* adding product lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually select which Fiscal Position to use for a new Sales Order, Invoice, or Bill, go to the
**Other Info** tab and select the right **Fiscal Position** *before* adding product lines.
```

.. image:: media/fiscal-positions-transaction.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Selection of a Fiscal Position on a Sales Order / Invoice / Bill in Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Selection of a Fiscal Position on a Sales Order / Invoice / Bill in Odoo Accounting
```

Reviewer: suggestion
